you must tell you that you know hormones
are day I had a guy on the phone today
says Randy guess what about growing
cancers the sounds dangerous study has
never been a study that shows that
hormones produce cancer okay and there
the more times they study hormones the
more information we're learning about
hormones the more we're finding that
hormones make people healthier and it's
a huge discrepancy and I run into this
every day because a lot of my patients
will come and consult with me and then
they also have another traditional
doctor on the outside and the
traditional doctors are telling them oh
you shouldn't do this you shouldn't do
that and the patients get very confused
but there's so much data out there
showing how hormones so it's positive
healthier and healthier absolutely you
know the thing that's very interesting
about this is as we get older the
biggest thing that changes in our life
is our decline in hormones and exactly
associated with our decliner hormones is
our decline in health and you could look
at every parameter you look at cancer
look at heart disease look at diabetes
look at 0 beat obesity look at strokes
when'd of those diseases happen they
happen we're more older the 50 60 s and
that's exactly the same time so it was
also so you and people need to know this
that are tuning in we're talking about
functional medicine with what I said is
the go-to guy in LA for functional
medicine and this is a real interview
that you know we haven't practiced this
and I'm not endorsing you by the way but
it must come up all the time like we
just mentioned that it is dangerous
especially pellets I've had doctors
medical doctors to tell me you know
really the pellets I don't agree with if
they're done right and and they're
monitored correctly and this is what I
do I follow blood tests with my patients
I don't just pick random doses and
everything is scientific and there's a
lot of great data out there and actually
you know if you go with the literature
and you look at some of the most
prominent people in the field I could
mention names and articles and
everything these people are in favor of
pellets this tremendous amount of
support of information on them you write
in block you write a blog do you talk
about this at length on your blog often
yeah I have articles on my website about
the pellets about the hormones I talk
about these controversies I cite the
articles i cite the the controversies of
the different opinions on the hormones
and all of that and I also when I see a
new patient
is i educate them I do a tremendous
amount of Education in my office you see
your coach I'm a coach but I give my
it's like that and I give them a
playbook and seriously it's a book it's
a manual and it's probably 80 pages and
I hope they read it I don't know if they
all read it but it's a tremendous amount
of information and I educate my patients
and I teach them how to take control of
their life how to make themselves
healthier and I tell my patient I'd say
I'm the doctor I can't do this for you
you have to do it you have to eat right
you have to sleep you have to avoid
toxicity you have to do the exercise i
can give you the hormones and i can
write out the plan for you but you're
the ball player you have to do the
practicing and you have to go out on
that field and play the game i'm on the
sidelines as your coach and the patients
who is most successful they really take
this on and i am amazed sometimes the
how successful some of my patients are I
had a guy he came to my office I hadn't
seen him in three or four months he was
probably 60 or 70 pounds overweight and
I ran over his blood tests and he had
high blood sugar he had high cholesterol
he had high blood pressure you go down
the list he was a ticking time bomb
heart attacks strokes diabetes you name
it and I didn't realize this at the time
when I was explaining his results i'm
just going over his result he freaked
out and he went home and he did
everything said yeah he came back to the
office 3-4 months later I didn't
recognize him I'm looking at this guy
play are you Steve I seriously he lost
70 pounds in four months